README.md, before:

# EcoLink:

## Overview
EcoLink is a community-driven platform designed to make sustainable living fun, easy, and social. Whether you're looking to join an EcoSquad, discover your EcoPersona, or dive into sustainability topics with EcoPods, our app helps you take meaningful action for the planet.  

## Technologies used
This project is built with modern web technologies:

- **HTML:**  
  Provides the structure and semantic markup for our pages, ensuring accessibility and a solid foundation for content.

- **CSS:**  
  Powers our design with clean, responsive, and engaging styles, making sure the platform looks great on any device.

- **JavaScript (JS):**  
  Drives interactivity and dynamic content throughout the site, delivering a smooth and responsive user experience. 


## Resources


## Future feature ideas
Due to the time constraint we were not able to implement all the features we'd hope to. These include the following:

-**EcoHabits**:
  A short section about daily changes that make long-lasting impacts on eco-sustainability.

-**EcoShare**:
 An API system that when users click one of the social media logos it automatically creates a post that can be modified if necessary. 

-**EcoChallenges**:
  Weekly or monthly challenges for users to participate in. Challenges can include "Zero-Waste Week", "Plastic-Free Month", etc. 

-**EcoMap**:
An interactive API that links users to local green initiatives near them. 

-**EcoIcons**:
A monthly section that highlights ecological pioneers in various fields from engineering to greener government policies and more.

Commit message:

add link to page in README
add link to page

README.md, after:

# EcoLink:

## Overview
EcoLink is a community-driven platform designed to make sustainable living fun, easy, and social. Whether you're looking to join an EcoSquad, discover your EcoPersona, or dive into sustainability topics with EcoPods, our app helps you take meaningful action for the planet. To see the page, visit https://eduenez33.github.io/March-Code-jam/ in your browser!

## Technologies used
This project is built with modern web technologies:

- **HTML:**  
  Provides the structure and semantic markup for our pages, ensuring accessibility and a solid foundation for content.

- **CSS:**  
  Powers our design with clean, responsive, and engaging styles, making sure the platform looks great on any device.

- **JavaScript (JS):**  
  Drives interactivity and dynamic content throughout the site, delivering a smooth and responsive user experience. 


## Resources


## Future feature ideas
Due to the time constraint we were not able to implement all the features we'd hope to. These include the following:

-**EcoHabits**:
  A short section about daily changes that make long-lasting impacts on eco-sustainability.

-**EcoShare**:
 An API system that when users click one of the social media logos it automatically creates a post that can be modified if necessary. 

-**EcoChallenges**:
  Weekly or monthly challenges for users to participate in. Challenges can include "Zero-Waste Week", "Plastic-Free Month", etc. 

-**EcoMap**:
An interactive API that links users to local green initiatives near them. 

-**EcoIcons**:
A monthly section that highlights ecological pioneers in various fields from engineering to greener government policies and more.
